greetings Internet it's me Katie welcome
to my apartment today
we're gonna do an apartment tour which
I've been waiting to do for quite some
time now ever since I moved in in June
I've been waiting until the apartments
like done enough like most of the things
are in and how I like them before
showing you guys around the place so
today I'm going to share an in-depth
apartment tour where everything is from
like super detailed and yeah it's like
not perfectly clean I'm not gonna lie
but I think it's real and this is how my
apartment
typically looks like things aren't
always perfectly in order and clean and
like pristine it's like not in my
character to be like that I'm very like
just I kind of I'm a collector or a
hoarder whatever you would say I like to
have a lot of pretty things like I
surround myself with a lot of pretty
things so that is my apartment in a
nutshell 650 square feet viewers are
curious in Greenwich Village and I live
here by myself of course I have a
doorman I have an elevator
I live on a pretty iconic Street I'm not
going to tell you exactly which one that
would be either are many in Greenwich
Village but I pay more because of where
I live basically I paid 2,800 a month
which I know is robbery
I agree but this place is perfect and
it's just my home and I work from home
so it's partially my office it's like
half my office half my living space so
yeah I hope you guys enjoy this tour and
I'm so excited look it started okay so
when you first walk in this is the
entryway but then to the left is my
bathroom I have this cute mirror from
Urban Outfitters all of my hair
scrunchies a purse and then this is kind
of a disaster it's like all of my hair
product like blow-dryer straightener
curling iron all that I'm coming up with
like a solution for this and then you
walk in
and I have a coat rack to your right but
it's not very exciting Kari grant is on
the wall to the left so starting on the
right I have this pretty big closet so
here's what the closet looks like I have
all of my shoes in bins below but then
this is all kind of shorter clothing
that isn't floor-length and everything
that's floor-length is in my other
closet so these are the purses that I
use most frequently I have this one from
Express and then these ones are from
Zara Free People so then a little full
pan of what the place looks like looking
really pretty right now because the
light is amazing this morning so here is
what the space looks like in its
entirety so the first thing when we walk
in to my left is my dresser to my right
is the TV so I guess we'll start with
the TV people always ask me about this
so my TV stand is from article you will
notice a theme that things just are
places because I don't know where else
to put them so these shoes are down here
it looks kind of cute TV stand is nice
and sleek then I have my samsung tv it's
a smart TV on top there and the intercom
is right there which is how I like call
my doorman and the doorman talks to me I
don't love like where it's placed but I
couldn't really control that so that's
that then when we turn this way we have
my dresser as you guys know I just got
this dresser it's from Urban Outfitters
and it just fits perfectly in this
little space next to my bed so here's
what it looks like at a different angle
I just love this wood finish it's so
just perfect and really rustic looking
then I have a plant up here a mirror
candle nest cannibal I have some books
I've might journal the book I'm
currently reading magazine I'm currently
reading a bunch of beauty products that
I'm trying out from some brands so when
you turn this way we have my bed so
first thing you notice the it's okay
sign above my bed I've had since
freshman year of college I'm pretty sure
maybe sophomore year of college but I've
had it forever it's always been over my
bed in every apartment or house I've
been in so it's kind of symbolic I just
love
it's from secret holiday Co then I have
this little plant in the corner it's a
fake plant it's from Ikea and then the
bed itself is a full size from I forget
like one of those random companies that
litt comes in a box my comforters from
Target pillows from slit pillowcase a
bunch of random pillow cases this pillow
is from H&M home the long one is from
citizenry this is a barefoot dreams
blanket and then we have my little side
table that's like squeezed in here I got
the table itself in Maryland at like
HomeGoods or something like that another
like rustic wood finish that kind of
matches the dresser the lamp is from
Target I've had that since college I'm
pretty sure the photo in the back is
from home goods as well I just love how
she looks but she wasn't like hidden so
much but it's a good spot so I have a
deep sleep pillow spray to lotions that
I love just for like before bed it's
like a good ritual to always apply
lotion then I'm reading this book called
meeting your half orange sleep mask for
when it gets really bright in here in
the mornings and then I have like a
little notepad that I just like write
random things I have like random
thoughts in the middle of the night and
I guess this was from my trip when I was
like remembering to pack things and then
under here I store all of my camera
stuff and a couple extra like lotions I
have my space heater here for the time
being I think I'm gonna have to retire
it pretty soon because it's getting
pretty warm out but I have that here
it's a really good space heater it's
called Alaska and it's from Amazon just
a little pan of what we got here we have
my little seating area this couch is
from West Elm but it's a really nice
leather I'm not gonna lie it kind of
scratches pretty easily but I kind of
like the more rustic look anyway so I'm
not too mad about it I have a lot of
friends over there always sitting on
here like spilling things all over it
and it's fine
so this Ottoman part here actually
separates and you can put it on either
side whichever side you want so we have
some just like random sneakers over
there that I need to move but regardless
so I designed a collection with dorm Fi
and this pillow was a part of that
collection the one behind it is from
Anthropologie this one
also anthropology they're the same then
this one is from the citizenry
handcrafted by an artisan it's really
really cool it's like the newest
addition then I have this little table
here which is from I believe home goods
as well
anthropology candle of course I just
love my little photo wall I love how
it's not perfect and it's not
symmetrical I love just like the
asymmetry of it and how they all just
kind of go together
and I actually I had this like dream to
do this I was searching on Etsy for
hours and hours and hours to find the
perfect pictures for this I had this
picture that my aunt actually found in
her basement so it's it's all it has
water stains on it as you guys can see
super loved and old and I loved it so I
wanted to have some things to complement
it not sure where she got that probably
like 30 40 years ago the rest of the
prints are all from Etsy and I just
searched black and white vintage prints
so we have this one this one I have no
idea who these people are but they're
minded me of me and my friends so I have
these random women on my wall and then
we have Billie Holliday and her trumpet
and then we have badass 1928 this is
clearly photoshopped to say this they
were not holding a sign saying badass
but someone photoshopped it and it's
really funny so I had this one as well a
lot of just random chicks on my wall and
I loved it okay so this little poof on
the grounds is perfect when people come
over because everyone just ends up
sitting on the floor
it's from Etsy I'm not sure who the
seller was but basically it's a Moroccan
poof there's so many of these online
it came unstuffed and i put an old duvet
cover in it and i just love how it looks
and just adds so much like fun to my
space and it's still neutral so it goes
to my color scheme so over here the lamp
here is from Target I get so many
questions about it I don't really use it
that much to be honest but if I need
some extra lights I'll turn it on this
plant is a fake fiddle fig it looks
really real but it is fake adds a little
bit of green but I'll have to take care
of it it's very nice so that is from
world market and the base is also from
world market
I had these mirrors in my last place
they are from Walmart actually
I did a little activation with them and
they sent me these mirrors and in the
corner here we have my record player and
then this little okay
excuse me fig a little dresser back
there is from home goods as well and
then I just have like my router and some
records on the little shelf there and
you guys can see actually this is what
my my blinds look like when they're down
I only ever keep this one down because
if I keep it up and like shine right in
my face when I wake up and it's still
like let's in a lot of light so yeah
that's what the blinds look like I got
them custom fit by the shade store my
friend's mom is an interior designer and
she helped me come up with the best
shade and fit for my space because I
have three completely different sized
windows so that is that little area then
coming over here we have my shelf this
is from Urban Outfitters this thing here
is actually my like in unit air
conditioning and heat and then my
thermostat there so the heat and air
conditioning comes out of here and it's
really nice to have it in unit so the
Shelf is from Urban Outfitters it came
actually partially damaged here but I
just decided that it was okay and I just
lived with it you can barely tell so I'm
like one of those people that I'm like I
can barely tell could have fully
returned it but I didn't so if I put
this together by myself in my old place
you guys might remember it so up top I
have these little vases from
Anthropologie I got them half off they
sorta like man bust vases from H&M home
I just have it on top of a few books and
a bunch of my favorite reads I've turned
to some of them around just to like add
some variety and interest and make them
look cool the ones with the spines
facing are the ones that I reach for a
lot or I've read and really loved the
other ones are just kind of like meh
then have some more down here and then
this little base from Target that I got
for a school project in college still
have it and I got these from a flea
market actually in the city when I first
moved here little opera-glass
is that a bunch of books and then I have
Wow a lot of random stuff so these are
some like materials from my clients and
I just like how because I don't know
where else to put them a little picture
my old travel journal a bunch of
headbands as you guys can tell I have
quite a few headbands then jewelry so
I'm like random cache I don't know this
is like a very random shelf all of my
bootys live right down here we're
actually not all of them but my favorite
ones so then in this little window cubby
we have two of my purses a picture of me
and my friends from college I love how
the window is like a long window with
the black trim it's kind of cool and
then like I said I got the custom window
treatments so this little spa is like my
favorite part of the apartment and it's
what you see right when you walk in so
the chair here and this little stool
over here are from the citizenry and
they're really beautiful I just love how
they add variety to the space people
always ask if this is uncomfortable it's
actually not uncomfortable at all you
would think it would be but it's not I
actually think it's pretty comfortable
and then so this mirror is from Target
love the mirror it's good for my mirror
selfies and then we have this little
shell face with pampas grass inside his
face is actually vintage I got it from
an Instagram seller local to New York
I love seashells so it's just a really
great accent I love that it's like cream
and goes with everything else in my
space I forget where I got this pampas
grass but you can get that stuff from
like anywhere like on Amazon or various
places online so I love the shell so
next to all that we have my little desk
area and my windowsill this is kind of
busy right now I'm not gonna lie is a
lot going on but it's kind of my style I
feel like kind of like a strategic mess
so the candelabra was actually a gift
from a family friend it's real like
genuine silver these are vintage liquor
decanters that are from the 60s I got
them on Etsy
like literally snatched them up as soon
as they were put on there they are just
so beautiful it came with a set of three
and this is the third one I just love
the detailing of the glass
how they just look so nice together and
reflect the light so beautifully with my
little spinning Dipti candle situation I
got this for Christmas it's like kind of
dusty
honestly the dust situation is just
insane in New York it's like I open the
windows for five seconds and like dust
just like flies in give my disco ball
that like reflects the light super
nicely in my apartment I have a replica
fragrance that should not be by the
window so then I have my little garden
over here I have two of the endless like
roses that don't die that were gifts and
then I have my cactus these plants are
honestly like not doing well I've been
watering them I think I just had them
for a long time and they just like
didn't make it through the winter so I
might have to replace those pretty soon
but that is what that looks like then we
come over to my desk area this is where
the magic happens
so first off we will talk about this
light fixture so the space actually came
with a hook right here so it's kind of
perfect this is actually handmade I got
this via Etsy as well it was handmade
and it just looked so beautiful up there
it was super cheap it was like $60 or
something I've seen a lot more expensive
ones from like West Elm and stuff and so
this was like a budget option then we
have my little picture wall you can't
really see that's on this little light
golden grid with little Clips and it's
from Ikea and I just put all of my like
pictures of friends just a little like
inspiration things we have Marilyn we
have Hedy Lamarr we have this little
drawing that someone sent me we have
some pictures of me and my friends on
there just some like photobooth things
like inspirations little fan I got in
Vietnam when I studied there in college
and then as we go down we have
a bunch of stuff it looks kind of messy
but this is like how I stay sane and
organized so everything just like
totally make sense to me I have my big
monitor here that actually connects to
my laptops so I don't use this as an
iMac anymore I use it as a monitor just
so I can have two screens when I'm
working to back up my desk is actually
from Ikea I find it's a little bit too
small
we're like too small this way I need to
get a new desk for sure it's a little
bit bigger because I do have this space
on either side you guys can see I have a
ton of just stuff here because I don't
know where else to put it I don't have
space I wish I had like a big desk with
drawers this chair is from North
Carolina
I got it secondhand in college it's like
a creamy beige kind of color and then I
just have this pillow on top so I can
have some good back support
I pad my laptop of course I these little
gold like trays tape for my journal my
like lip treatments I have a random nail
polish some more tapes a little pencil
sharpener all my memory cards and
currently working with this thing is
actually amazing so worth like ten bucks
on Amazon it holds my phone so when I'm
sitting here like taking a call or
working on something I just have my
phone propped right in there and it's so
nice so so all of my favorite pens and
just a glue stick just random like
little adapter things are in this little
cup and then I have my iMac propped up
on books right now I need to figure out
a better system for this but right now I
just have like books propping up my iMac
I know there's better things I could buy
but for the time being this is what
we're doing so yeah keeping it real I
have a bunch of just random stuff here
these little cabinets are all full of my
kitchen stuff so I really have nowhere
to put this I need to like get one of
those like long drawer things to put all
this stuff in they yeah it's like a lot
of just like supply is a lot of
journaling stuff a lot of my tattoo
designing stuff and then here we have my
backdrop so these are my replicas
surface backdrops I use those to
photograph products and like
things I love those so that is like my
little desk area then moving into my
kitchen so this is what my little
kitchenette looks like it's actually a
pretty decent size for a studio it's
nice like brick here I think it's like
original brick from when this building
was built and then we have my kitchen
little slow pan some space up there an
ugly light fixture that I probably will
never change so yeah we have this nice
little like Island situation that breaks
up the desk area and this area which I
like these bananas are definitely like
gone but whatever we have some red wine
over here a candle I have this little
like drawer set that just has a bunch of
random stuff in it that I don't know
where else to put then we have this my
sister actually put this together and I
just haven't changed it since it reminds
me of her
my scissors are up there I have a little
like whatever that thing is called like
a flipper I don't know what those things
are called
spatula spatula and he had my stovetop
and oven she's very cute I really only
use the stovetop so some wooden spoons
back here just to go random like floral
thing that I kept from a mailer or
something then my Keurig which I need to
clean she's looking a little bit dingy
right now but we have my Keurig then
above my sink I have this cute little
picture of Florence that my dad put up
here it's like oddly very small above
the sink but I kind of love it I have a
bunch of is like random stuff over here
we have paper towels some pasta back
there some snacks collagen powder I just
used it so I need to close that some
peanut butter eiffeltower advil kariv
vitamins
cough drops some like bases I put
flowers in Starbucks Kay cups and a
cutting board and then me a bunch of
cabinets up here which I keep just you
know I have cups like random stuff all
of my coffee mugs my cooking stuff in
here don't ask me why I have this like
thing on there
in Asia as well so above my fridge I
have all of my martini supplies my
martini making supplies my like whiskey
glasses I have nail polish because like
that's very random but I have it up here
I don't know why I have nail polish up
here but again nowhere else to put it so
there it goes this fridge is like pretty
beat up it came like that like really
just like worn that's fine I have this
little scene from Breakfast at Tiffany's
on here I need to get like cuter magnets
right now I have old bay magnets if
you're from Maryland you know you know
the hype behind old bay or if you're not
so I have my magnets that old bay
actually sent me so I just like put up
my picture there I like totally forgot
that I could put things up here so I've
been slowly just like adding a few
things up here got this little vintage
luggage bag from California like four
years ago I was like put that up there
another little plant from Ikea little
vase up there a little basket I don't
know
here's another closet next to the
bathroom we're back in the entryway and
here is my dress closet that's what I
call it my 27 dresses closet these are
all of my longer gowns that won't fit in
the other closet so this thing actually
was so much more full yesterday but I
went through and like purged a lot of my
dresses this is like my favorite thing
in my apartment just like all of my
beautiful gowns so okay so that is the
closet then we come in here there's a
lot going on in here I will not lie and
it is not very clean but that is real
life so here is what my sink looks like
I know it's a lot of stuff going on but
I have a lot of products that I use so
this is all my like skincare stuff I
perfume all my skincare loves right here
you guys can kind of tell like what
everything is I've talked about these
things a million times because it's a
call that works for my skin so then I
just had on my mirror this little
picture of me and Julia at a bar and
this like
little photobooth shower-curtain is from
the world market how this gorgeous tile
going on in here it's actually not that
bad
I have a bathtub as you guys know then
this thing is actually really cool I got
this from simplehuman
you can adjust this thing however you
want it to look in terms of like how
long it is you can make it longer or
shorter and like shift these all around
it's super customizable and I just love
how it holds all of my shower stuff that
is my shower very exciting stuff I know
so above my towels and next to my mirror
I have this gone with the wind' little
print
it's a scene from gone with the wind at
the end if you guys have seen the movie
one of my favorite scenes of the whole
movie and so I have it printed out so I
actually got this from Etsy and I
realized recently the seller has like
disappeared on Etsy because I think this
is a concern copyright infringement or
like you can't profit off of someone
else's like screenplay so I think they
got in trouble so anyway I got it before
they got trouble and deleted their page
so that is my space guys I hope you guys
enjoyed my little apartment tour I also
hope I didn't forget to say anything I
know you guys will remind me in my
comments if I did I think it did a
pretty good job utilizing the space and
decorating a studio which is not the
easiest thing so I hope you guys enjoyed
and I will talk to you guys all in my
next video bye